IN: In the round table there are 8 people seated. The people that will seat in it are John, Mary, Louis, Peter, Matthew, Cassandra, Kevin and Joshua. The languages that are spoken in the table are Spanish, Italian, Greek and German. Mary, John and Cassandra speak Greek. Both Kevin and Joshua speak Italian. Louis speaks Spanish and Matthew speaks German. Matthew refuses to seat next to Joshua, as they don't get along. Kevin would love to seat next to Louis. Mary wants to seat next to Cassandra. You must both explain the result and depict it.
OUT: seats_number(8). person(john; mary; louis; peter; matthew; cassandra; kevin; joshua). language(spanish; italian; greek; german). speaks(mary, greek). speaks(john, greek). speaks(cassandra, greek). speaks(kevin, italian). speaks(joshua, italian). speaks(louis, spanish). speaks(matthew, german). not_next_to(matthew, joshua). next_to(kevin, louis). next_to(mary, cassandra). show_description. show_graphic.
IN: The table has 4 chairs. The people present are A, B, C and D, and the tongues spoken are Russian, Irish and English. A and B speak Irish while C speaks English and D speaks Russian. B doesn't want to sit next to any Russian. C only accepts to seat if B is on the opposite side of the table. Show the result with a drawing.
OUT: seats_number(4). person(a; b; c; d). language(russian; irish; english). speaks(a, irish). speaks(b, irish). speaks(c, english). speaks(d, russian). not_next_to(b, russian). opposite(c, b). show_graphic.
IN: There are 2 people seated in the round table: Marta, who speaks Portuguese, and Paco, who speaks Romanian. Paco wants Marta to seat on the opposite side of him. Marta wants paco seated with her. Draw this puzzle.
OUT: seats_number(2). person(marta; paco). language(portuguese; romanian). opposite(paco, marta). next_to(marta, paco). show_graphic.
IN: There are 10 people sitting on the table: Martin, Manuel, John, Juan, Carlos, Chema, Iker, Maria, Moisés and Victor. The languages spoken are French, Portuguese and Italian. Maria needs to sit next to anyone who speaks Italian. Moises refuses to sit with a French. Chema, on the other hand, accepts to sit next to a Portuguese. Manuel doesn't want to sit next to Moisés. Write the result on text.
OUT: seats_number(10). person(martin; manuel; john; juan; carlos; chema; iker; maria; moises; victor). language(french; portuguese; italian). next_to(maria, italian). not_next_to(moises, french). next_to(chema, portuguese). not_next_to(manuel, moises). show_description.
IN: Paco, Lucía, Irene and Montero want to have a dinner, so they booked a table for 4. Paco loves Lucía so they must be seated together. Irene wants Paco on the other end of the table. You must explain this puzzle with a text description.
OUT: seats_number(4). person(paco; lucia; irene; montero). next_to(paco, lucia). opposite(irene, paco). show_description.
IN: In a table with 7 seats, there will be seated Alberto, Carlos, Isabel, Carolina, Juana, Julián and Teresa. Carlos doesn't want to sit alongside Julián and he speaks Portuguese. Carolina and Julián speak Chinese. Teresa speaks Galician and wants to be with Carlos. Alberto and Carlos want to sit together. Juana hates Julián and only agrees to sit at the table if he is on the opposite end. Isabel is stubborn and won't accept to sit next to anyone who speaks Galician.
OUT: seats_number(7). person(alberto; carlos; isabel; carolina; juana; julian; teresa). language(portuguese; chinese; galician). not_next_to(carlos, julian). speaks(carlos, portuguese). speaks(carolina, chinese). speaks(julian, chinese). speaks(teresa, galician). next_to(teresa, carlos). next_to(alberto, carlos). opposite(juana, julian). not_next_to(isabel, galician).
IN: The table has 5 seats. The people are A, B, C, D and E. B and C would prefer not to sit next to the other. A and B both agree to sit on the table only if they are sit on opposite sides. B and C want to be one next to another. Both D and E want to be at differents end of the table. You must provide a description this problem.
OUT: seats_number(5). person(a; b; c; d; e). not_next_to(b, c). opposite(a, b). next_to(b, c). opposite(d, e). show_description.
IN: There will be 6 people sitting in the table: Maite, Juan, Marta, Maria, Jaime and Hugo. Maite and Juan want to sit together. Maite speaks Arabic and does not want to sit with anyone who speaks neither Esperanto nor French. Marta speaks french and she wants to sit next to a German speaker. Show both text and drawing.
OUT: seats_number(6). person(maite; juan; marta; maria; jaime; hugo). language(arabic; esperanto; french; german). next_to(maite, juan). speaks(maite, arabic). not_next_to(maite, esperanto). not_next_to(maite, french). speaks(marta, french). next_to(marta, german). show_description. show_graphic.
IN: This table is going to be for Alberto, Manolo, Javi and Rober. Rober wants to sit with Javi and Manolo. Alberto speaks Catalá and Javi speaks Galician. Manolo would hate to sit next to anyone that speaks Galician. Rober does not consent to sit next to a Catalá speaker. Manolo and Rober speak Catalá. Explain the result.
OUT: seats_number(4). person(alberto; manolo; javi; rober). next_to(rober, javi). next_to(rober, manolo). language(catala; galician). speaks(alberto, catala). speaks(javi, galician). not_next_to(manolo, galician). not_next_to(rober, catala). speaks(manolo, catala). speaks(rober, catala). show_description.
IN: There are 2 languages: Spanish and Esperanto. 10 people will sit on the table: Juan, Eduardo, Amelia, Pedro, Rosalía, Rocío, Silvio, Paco, Camarón and Lucía. Rosalía, Eduardo, Rocío, Silvio and Paco speak Spanish. Amelia knows both Spanish and Esperanto and she wants to sit next to an Esperanto speaker. Juan and Pedro speak Esperanto. You have to depict this puzzle visually.
OUT: language(spanish; esperanto). seats_number(10). person(juan; eduardo; amelia; pedro; rosalia; rocio; silvio; paco; camaron; lucia). speaks(rosalia, spanish). speaks(eduardo, spanish). speaks(rocio, spanish). speaks(silvio, spanish). speaks(paco, spanish). speaks(amelia, spanish). speaks(amelia, esperanto). next_to(amelia, esperanto). speaks(juan, esperanto). speaks(pedro, esperanto). show_graphic.
IN: 