
ASP cortos

    UNSAT: hola(pedro). hola(pedra). :- hola(X), hola(Y), X!=Y.


LN:

  -  Ejemplo Fácil
There are three houses. In them live a Spanish, an English and a chinese.

  -  3 Casas, sin imágenes, debería ir a la primera.
There are three houses. In them live a Spanish, an nglish and a chinese. There are three pets: a dog, a cat and a duck. There are 3 tobacco brands: Ducados, Camel and Bluem. There are also three drinks: coffee, water and tea. The Spanish man house is painted red, while the Englishman house is tainted blue. The house of the chinese man is purple. The Spanish man keeps a dog. The chinese man loves to drink tea. The Spanish one, on the other hand, smokes Ducados.

  -  3 Barcos, imágenes, debería funcionar en ~3 iteraciones
There are three boats. There are a Spanish, an English and a chinese. There are three drinks: tea, milk and soda. The Spanish man drinks soda. Soda is represented with the next image: "cocacola". There's a dog, a cat and a horse. The Spanish keeps the cat, while the English man has a dog. The horse is represented by the image called "horse". The cat is represented by "https://i.natgeofe.com/n/548467d8-c5f1-4551-9f58-6817a8d2c45e/NationalGeographic_2572187_square.jpg" The Spanish man has a red boat. The chinese man, on the other hand, lives in a purple boat. Represent the boat with "https://t3.ftcdn.net/jpg/00/41/60/94/360_F_41609453_X3A8NNRDWvihqMLoJUVNmrQyKQgwgvh4.jpg".

  -  Ejemplo Clásico Einstein; todo cruzadas etc.
There are five houses: one is yellow, other is green, other is white, other is red and the other is blue. There's an Brittish, a Dane, a German, a Norwegian and a Swede. There are five pets: a Dog, a Fish, a Bird, a Horse and a Cat. The drinks are Beer, Coffee, Tea, Milk, Water. The tobacco brands are Blends, Blue Master, Dunhill, Pall Mall and Prince. The English lives in the Red house. The Swede has a Dog. The Dane drinks Tea. The Green house is to the left of the White house. The owner of the Green house drinks Coffee. The person who smokes Pall Mall keeps Birds. The owner of the Yellow house smokes Dunhill. The man living in the centre house drinks Milk. The Norwegian lives in the first house. The man who smokes Blends is neighbor of the one who keeps a Cat. The man who keeps Horses lives next to the man who smokes Dunhill. The man who smokes Blue Master drinks Beer. The German smokes Prince. The Norwegian lives next to the Blue house. The man who smokes Blends has a neighbor who drinks Water.

  -  Ejemplo Clásico con varios elementos cambiados
There are five houses: one is yellow, other is green, other is ivory, other is red and the other is blue. There's an English, a Spanish, a Japanese, a Norwegian and a Ukranian. There are five pets: a Dog, Snails, a Fox, a Horse and a Cat. The drinks are Orange Juice, Coffee, Tea, Milk, Water. The English lives in the Red house. The Spanish owns the Dog. Coffee is drunk in the Green house. The ukranian drinks Tea. The green House is immediately to the right of the Ivory house. The Gold smoker owns Snails. Kools are smoked in the Yellow house. Milk is drunk in the middle house. The norwegian lives in the first house. The man who smokes Chesterfields lives in the house next to the man with the Fox. Kools are smoked in the house where the Horse is kept. The Strike smoker drinks Orange juice. The Japanese smokes parliaments. The Norwegian lives next to the Blue house.

  -  Ejemplo Clásico con todo cambiado -  + difícil
There are five caravans: one is purple, other is cyan, other is black, other is white and the other is pink. There's an Chilean man, a Brazilian man, a Peruvian man, a Mexican woman and an Cuban kid. The Chilean lives in the white caravan. The Brazilian owns the Dog. Coffee is drunk in the Green house. The ukranian drinks Tea. The green House is immediately to the right of the Ivory house. The Gold smoker owns Snails. Kools are smoked in the Yellow house. Milk is drunk in the middle house. The norwegian lives in the first house. The man who smokes Chesterfields lives in the house next to the man with the Fox. Kools are smoked in the house where the Horse is kept. The Strike smoker drinks Orange juice. The Japanese smokes parliaments. The Norwegian lives next to the Blue house.